ACTOR DESCRIPTION
Database Administrator: A specific employee tasked with maintaining and managing sales associate employee data; not required but can view finalized orders.
Use Cases = Edit Sales Associate data, Read-only finalized quotes

Order Confirmation Department: The final group of company liaisons that manage the order, offer discounts, review the order, forward the finalized quotes, and calculate the final price prior to shipment.
Use Cases = Send sectioned finalized quotes and add final discount to external processing system. Confirm data, in select cases: edit data. They can send emails.

Management: The overseers of finalized quotes, which they can reject or endorse. They manage line items, deal with prices and discounts, and are a direct line of email communication with customers.
Use Cases = A lot of access, primary editors of project data. They can edit and manage most aspects of order, customer, discount admin. They can send email.

Sales Associate: They're the boots on the ground, dealing with customers, order and customer data, insertion of line item information, construct quotes. They finalized quotes that are later sent to Management for confirmation.
Use Cases = Adds customer data, adds line items, adds order data to database. Sends out finalized quotes.

SYSTEM DESCRIPTION
Project Database: Contains overarching information on stock, employees, customers, orders, discounts, prices, and quotes.

External Processing System: Sanctioned finalized quote is turned into a purchase order, and will return date and commission rate for the sales associate responsible.

Email System: Allows for communication from company (Management and Order Confirmation Department) to customers.

CASE DESCRIPTION
1.) Sales Associate Data
 
Actor: Database Administrator; Project Database
Description: Database Admin edits, oversees employee data (including commission)
Data: Name, User ID, Password, Accumulated Commission, Home Address
Stimulus: Insertion of associate data
Response: Alteration of associate data
Comments: Admin can edit, add, delete associate data.

2.) Finalized Quotes
Actors: Management, Order Confirmation Department, Database Administrator (view-only); Project Database.
Description: Management oversees, confirms or rejects quotes, considers and applies discounts. Order Confirmation Department formalizes confirmation.
Data: Line items, customer ID, secret notes (between sales associate and management).
Stimulus: Confirmation, formalization of discount and order data.
Response: For Management, passed up as finalized quote, editing/overseeing and passing along to Confirmation Department. For Confirmation Department, formalization and sending out order.
Comments: Passed up to Management for review and confirmation before being passed to Order Confirmation Department to be formalized.

3.) Quote
Actors: Sales Associate; Project Database
Description: Sales associate interacts with customer, and their line items. Works to make a rough draft quote that will be later reviewed along multiple stages.
Data: Line items, customer ID, secret notes (between sales associate and management).
Stimulus: Creation, and passed up.
Response: It will be created, data will be stored, and as it is passed up it will become a Finalized Quote.
Comments: Preliminary, rough draft quote that will be created by a Sales Associate. The demarcation between Quote and Finalized Quote is what stage of overseeing, alteration they are (When Management gets it, it is a Finalized Quote).

4.) Customer Data
Actors: Sales Associate, Management, Order Confirmation Department; Project Database
Description: Sales Associate creates (if new customer), alters customer data. Management and O.C. Department will have view-only access for email communication purposes (can only view contact info).
Data: Name, customer ID, address, contact information.
Stimulus: Creation, alteration (by Sales Associate); O.C. Department and Management wanting to send email
Response: If creation, new data added to database. If alteration, new data added to existing customer. When sending email from O.C. Department and Management, email will be sent to customer.
Comments: Order Confirmation Department and Management only have access to contact info to send automated emails. Sales Associate has direct access and interaction.


